CORE-586 updated to add info about payload that can cause login error (#471)
algorithmiaio/dev-center: _pages/platform/JWT-JWKS-authentication-org-management.md

![Example payload of a JWT](/developers/images/post_images/jwt-sync/jwt_payload.png)

> If you're new to Algorithmia and would like to learn more about our product and using JWT for authentication, please [contact our sales team](https://info.algorithmia.com/contact-sales). We'd love to hear from you!

Reviewer: Maybe not worth an update, but in these cases I like using `mailto` links to make it easier for people to get in touch.
```suggestion
If you're new to Algorithmia and would like to learn more about our product and using JWT for authentication, please <a href="mailto:support@algorithmia.com?subject=I have a question about JWT authentication">contact our sales team</a>. We'd love to hear from you!
```
